added  abbreviations (#6861)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/view-only-meeting-experience.md

We have full Android and iOS mobile support for an attendee to join.

> [!Note]

> > The current limit for the number of people who can chat and call in to a meeting is 300 in **WorldWide (WW)** and 250 in **Government Community Cloud (GCC)**, **Government Community Cloud (GCC) High**, and **Department of Defence (DoD)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The current limit for the number of people who can chat and call into a meeting is 300 in WorldWide (WW) and 250 in Government Community Cloud (GCC), GCC High, and Department of Defense (DoD).
```

> > The current limit for the number of people who can chat and call into a meeting is 300 in WorldWide (WW) and 250 in Government Community Cloud (GCC), GCC High, and Department of Defense (DoD).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The current limit for the number of people who can chat and call in to a meeting is 300 in WorldWide (WW) and 250 in Government Community Cloud (GCC), GCC High, and Department of Defense (DoD).
```
